[rustdoc] Add new `--book-location` option to add a link to associated guide and generate it if local (#139769)
rust-lang/rust: src/doc/rustdoc/src/unstable-features.md

    "you today?",
]
```

> ## Generating link to guide
> 
> You can generate a link to a guide or generate the guide with `mdbook` using the `--book-location`
> command line argument. It accepts either a URL or a path. If a path is provided, the book will
> be generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Bundling or linking to a guide

You can generate a link to a guide or bundle an `mdbook` guide using the `--book-location`
command line argument. It accepts either a URL or a path. If a path is provided, the book will
be built with `mdbook`.
```
